Update index.md (#219)
robertcoopercode/personal-website: content/blog/using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-typescript-project/index.md

yarn add eslint @typescript-eslint/parser @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin --dev
```

> <Quote><strong>Note:</strong> If you used <code>create-react-app</code> to bootstrap your project, do not install <code>eslint</code> manually. It is already included as a dependency of <code>react-scripts</code>, and installing a more recent version can cause errors.</Quote>

Reviewer: Maybe we should just let people know that they don't need to install `eslint` if they are using `create-react-app` since it's bundled with `react-scripts`.  If you install a version of ESLint that's not compatible with the version specified in `react-scripts` you should get warnings in the console.

```suggestion
<Quote><strong>Note:</strong> If using <code>create-react-app</code> to bootstrap a project, <code>eslint</code> is already included as a dependency through <code>react-scripts</code>, and therefore it is not necessary to explicitly install it with <code>yarn</code>.</Quote>
```

Author: Yes, that is fair.
